# CS370 README
For Project Two, I was given a template for a pirate game where the intention was to build a deep Q-Learning model that could search for an optimal path through a maze to get to the treasure. The template included code for creating and updating the environment as well as the neural net to be used. My job was to create the DQN that would randomly explore new paths or exploit previously used paths to ultimately find the treasure using the shortest path available and report back which epoch this was accomplished in.

The role of computer scientists is to use tools and mathmatical principles to solve problems. In this course, our tools were various machine learning algorithms that we used to solve things like optimal path finding, how to automatically balance a pole standing on a cart, etc. However, CS concepts can be used to help solve almost any challenge one can think up. They help us with space exploration, keeping in touch with friends and family with social media, and help cars drive by themselves. 

How we approach problem solving is as important as the problem itself. It helps to fully understand the different aspects that are involved with solving a problem. For example, there is more to self driving cars then simply following the road. We would need to understand how to make the car obey changing traffic laws, like speed limits. How should the car act when it begins overtaking other vehicles, or if something is crossing the road? Understanding everything that is involved with a problem helps to then break the problem down into smaller pieces. We can first solve for keeping the car on the road, then tell it how to act when it passes a speed limit sign with a different speed, etc. Once we have a solution, we can then start to think about how we can optimize it to make it more efficient.

Finally, another concept that we considered during this class was ethical concerns with AI/ML. What do we do to ensure we're doing what's ethically right for our end users? When creating a solution to a problem, we need to always consider the impact the consequences have to our users. For example, are we collecting personally identifiable information? What happens if that information gets exposed or stolen? What can we do with that data, or should we allow ourselves to use that data for other purposes beyond what our initial application is for? Just because we can do something, doesn't mean that we should. Maybe it's important to collect sensitive information for our solution to work, but this doesn't mean we should then turn around and sell that information to third parties. We must decided where we stand ethically before taking on any project so that we can use them as guides as we work toward a solution.
